README.md, before:

# Library Carpentry

The Library Carpentry module '[Data Intro for Archivists](https://librarycarpentry.org/lc-data-intro-archives/)' is maintained by [Jeanine Finn](https://github.com/jellenf), _[Katherine Koziar](https://github.com/kekoziar)_, and [Scott Peterson](https://github.com/scottcpeterson) (Past Maintainers: [Jenny Bunn](https://github.com/JennyBunn), [Noah Geraci](https://github.com/ngeraci), and [James Baker](https://github.com/drjwbaker)).

## Background

Library Carpentry is a software skills training programme aimed at library and information professions. It builds on the work of [Software Carpentry](http://software-carpentry.org/) and [Data Carpentry](http://www.datacarpentry.org/). 'Data Intro for Archivists' is a version of '[http://data-lessons.github.io/library-data-intro/](http://data-lessons.github.io/library-data-intro/)' developed by the 2017 Mozilla Global Sprint.

Library Carpentry is in the commons and for the commons. It is not tied to any institution of person. For more information on Library Carpentry, see our website [librarycarpentry.github.io](http://librarycarpentry.github.io/).

## Contribution

There are many ways of contributing to Library Carpentry:

- Join our [Gitter discussion forum](https://gitter.im/LibraryCarpentry/).
- Follow updates on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/LibCarpentry).
- Make a suggestion or correct an error by [raising an Issue](https://github.com/data-lessons/data-intro-archives/issues).

## Code of Conduct

All participants should agree to abide by the [Software Carpentry Code of Conduct](http://software-carpentry.org/conduct/).

## Authors

Library Carpentry is authored and maintained by the [community](https://github.com/data-lessons/data-intro-archives/network/members).

## Citation

Please cite as:

Library Carpentry. Data Intro for Archivists. June 2017. https://librarycarpentry.org/lc-data-intro-archives/.

Commit message:

[automation] transform lesson to sandpaper

README.md, after:

> **ATTENTION** This is an experimental test of [The Carpentries Workbench](https://carpentries.github.io/workbench) lesson infrastructure.
> It was automatically converted from the source lesson via [the lesson transition script](https://github.com/carpentries/lesson-transition/).
> 
> If anything seems off, please contact Zhian Kamvar [zkamvar@carpentries.org](mailto:zkamvar@carpentries.org)

# Library Carpentry

The Library Carpentry module '[Data Intro for Archivists](https://librarycarpentry.org/lc-data-intro-archives/)' is maintained by [Jeanine Finn](https://github.com/jellenf), *[Katherine Koziar](https://github.com/kekoziar)*, and [Scott Peterson](https://github.com/scottcpeterson) (Past Maintainers: [Jenny Bunn](https://github.com/JennyBunn), [Noah Geraci](https://github.com/ngeraci), and [James Baker](https://github.com/drjwbaker)).

## Background

Library Carpentry is a software skills training programme aimed at library and information professions. It builds on the work of [Software Carpentry](https://software-carpentry.org/) and [Data Carpentry](https://www.datacarpentry.org/). 'Data Intro for Archivists' is a version of '[http://data-lessons.github.io/library-data-intro/](https://data-lessons.github.io/library-data-intro/)' developed by the 2017 Mozilla Global Sprint.

Library Carpentry is in the commons and for the commons. It is not tied to any institution of person. For more information on Library Carpentry, see our website [librarycarpentry.github.io](https://librarycarpentry.github.io/).

## Contribution

There are many ways of contributing to Library Carpentry:

- Join our [Gitter discussion forum](https://gitter.im/LibraryCarpentry/).
- Follow updates on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/LibCarpentry).
- Make a suggestion or correct an error by [raising an Issue](https://github.com/data-lessons/data-intro-archives/issues).

## Code of Conduct

All participants should agree to abide by the [Software Carpentry Code of Conduct](https://software-carpentry.org/conduct/).

## Authors

Library Carpentry is authored and maintained by the [community](https://github.com/data-lessons/data-intro-archives/network/members).

## Citation

Please cite as:

Library Carpentry. Data Intro for Archivists. June 2017. [https://librarycarpentry.org/lc-data-intro-archives/](https://librarycarpentry.org/lc-data-intro-archives/).
